I love her I'll be back in a minute okay
see I told you she stole my jeans what I
have been looking for them all week and
she is wearing them so she stole your
pants and then she came back and wore
them in front of you don't you see it's
the perfect crime she must have been
planning this for years I will prove it
to you okay about a week ago I was
wearing those jeans and I dropped a pin
in my lap and it left an ink stain on
the crotch now when she comes back I
will find it and show you that same nice
jeans oh thanks I like your top huh
you're not good enough what happened oh
I fell asleep I was thinking about
taking my lunch break Oh will you do the
top of the cabinets that really work up
your appetite for lunch all right
hello what's going on
I'm sorry I've never had a maid before
is this not okay
alright hey I think Brendan needs a
raise how come because I put my head
between her legs good to see her pants
they're my pants are you sure did you
see the stain no I was just getting into
position and then everything went dark
come on she is not stealing from us okay
will you let this go fine
she's wearing my bra oh dear God my pink
flowered bra I recognize the strap and
yet you don't recognize that you're
crazy here's the plan okay I'm going to
leave and you're gonna get a look at
Brenda's bra
here's another plan no I would do it but
she thinks I'm attracted to her why did
you not hear where my head was on come
on we're a team we're in this together I
fear a jury will see it the same way do
this for me come on I catch you look at
a woman's breasts all the time you see
that do you see this oh all right yes
okay I get your point but if it's not
her bra we had just left the woman clean
Department yes absolutely
okay look you'll know it's mine because
on the right cup the lacy part there's a
very noticeable rip you need new clothes
[Music]
what are you doing I'm leaning this is
where I leave okay
Brenda Abby what yes
it's flown into your blouse you better
undo your buttons lest it sting you I
think I know what's going on here you do
look I know it must be hard that your
wife is a lesbian but it's wrong you're
married I totally understand okay Jesse
your bra hi where did you get those
jeans you gave them to me
no I didn't all right I took them but I
figured it'd be okay because you've got
a big ink stain on the crotch No
did you take my bra - what bra the pink
one with the flowers you mean the one
that you're wearing ah
I quit sounds about right